When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
The most common reason would be to allow multiple access to the repository from different workstations and even from different contributors.
This should include projects that needs to be worked on by a number of individuals or something that are made public for open source.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A manual system is preferable due to the public nature of most Git repositories. Updating automatically can cause 
changes to our branch that might clash with the work that has been done in our local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are the method of copying a repository from one Github account to another done in Githu's system.
This method should be used when the user wants to tweak or use a program that is available in another Github user's account. This also allows for proper
credit to be given to the creator of the repository.

Clones are the method of copying a whole repository from a source online such as Github to a working station.
This method should be used when the user wants to work on a repository in their own work station.

Branches are different commit paths that can be used to differenciate the approach to a problem without alternating the main path.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit is in the ability to compare via git diff the changes that has been done to the remote repository
to the ones that are done in the local repository giving a better understanding of the work done by the collaborators.
This will also make the merging step easier.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
It would be via several other online services like google, dropbox etc. It might be easier when working on certain
types of work like simple document creating/editing since there will be no requirement that the other people working on the
project needs to know how to use Git or Github.
It will however be harder when collaborating in projects with multiple files and code.

